I was hit by the monster's quantum beam of light
Just entered the gate of time and space
monster
I knew an inventor at the time
The old geek of the time machine
Where is he now?
He died on an island a week ago
Fortunately for his reminder
We established together with Zhao Yang
This tea mountain safe haven
You built this base because of him
It seems to kill the scientist
It is also part of the Sakura organization plan
If you want to stop more monsters and mutants
We have to work together.
Completely remove the source of this virus
Then what are you doing here?
We're here to find supplies
Chashan Avoidance Naiyun's Supplies
All have been allocated by head
I'm afraid I won't be able to absorb your share.
It doesn't matter as far as I know
Towns near this base
There should be supplies.
Wait until it gets dark
This mutant will go dormant
Then we'll go out and find supplies
Let me know if there is anything wrong with the strong team